Add initial design tokens documentation (#3967)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/design-tokens/overview.mdx

<Notification
  message={`When consuming design tokens, begin with the most specific token level available. Look first to see if a component token exists. If not available, use semantic tokens as a fallback.`}
  status="info"
  width={{ max: 'large' }}
  margin={{ bottom: 'medium' }}
/>

### Primitive tokens

Primitive tokens define the most foundational level of the token system, establishing fundamental attributes like color and dimension.

The value of a primitive token will always be a CSS value such as a hex code, pixel, or rem value. Typically, primitive token names describe the token value and not where it should be applied.

Primitive design tokens should not be used directly. They exist to provide the foundational options and be referenced in semantic and component design tokens.

<Example height={{ min: 'xsmall' }}>
  <Box align="center" direction="row" gap="small">
    <Box background="brand" pad="medium" round="small" flex={false} />
    <Text size="large">hpe.base.color.green.600</Text>
  </Box>
</Example>

### Semantic tokens

> Semantic tokens apply a specific meaning to a primitive token to establish how and when a style should be applied. Semantic tokens capture design decisions for color, spacing, elevation, typography, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semantic tokens provide meaning to a primitive token. It's name specifies how and when the token should be applied and its value references another lower-level token.
```

Author: Done.

The value of a semantic token can either be a reference to a primitive token or another semantic token.

> Semantic tokens can have different values in different contexts. For example, the value of `hpe.color.background.back` might differ for light versus dark mode. Similarly, the value of `hpe.spacing.large` might differ for wide versus narrow viewports. By building with semantic tokens, the values can flex based on the context.

Reviewer: Good.

```suggestion
Building with semantic tokens, creates flexibility for a single token to have multiple values dependent on context. For example, the value for the token `hpe.color.background.back` might differ for light versus dark mode. Similarly, the value for the token `hpe.spacing.large` might differ for wide versus narrow viewports.
```

Author: Done.

<Example height={{ min: 'xsmall' }}>

>   <Box align="center" direction="row" gap="small">

Reviewer: I find myself wanting a little more variety (besides color) in these examples. To address in subsequent passes.

Author: Good note, yes we can modify in future.

    <Box background="brand" pad="medium" round="small" flex={false} />
    <Text size="large">hpe.background.primary.default</Text>
  </Box>
</Example>

### Component tokens

> Component tokens capture specific design decisions for an individual component (such as button) or family of related components (such as inputs).

Author: Done.

The value of a component token can either be a reference to a primitive token, semantic token, or another component token.

<Example height={{ min: 'xsmall' }}>
  <Box align="center" direction="row" gap="small">
    <Box background="brand" pad="medium" round="small" flex={false} />
    <Text size="large">hpe.button.primary.enabled.background</Text>
  </Box>

> </Example>

Reviewer: Would having a CTA [similar to this](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/page-layouts#layouts-for-page-content) recommending "How to read design tokens" be useful here?

Author: Done.

import { Box, Text } from 'grommet';
import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import { BetaNotification } from '../../examples';

> 

Reviewer: Consider the following as alternate approach from intro to "types":

```
#Overview

Design tokens allow HPE digital experiences to be presented as a unified, one-HPE. Tokens establish consistency by serving as a single source of truth encoding HPE's visual language. They are delivered in an easy-to-consume manner allowing the visual style to fluidly evolve along with HPE and customer needs.

##Visual language source of truth (or, Encoding HPE’s visual language)

Design tokens codify all decisions making up a design system’s visual style. Tokens represent colors, typography, spacing, motion, and more through clear names specifying how and where the token should be applied.  Consuming token names, as opposed to the values to which they resolve, builds inherit agility and flexibility into the system. Underlying values can be updated at the source of truth — and then seamlessly consumed by teams with little-to-no effort on their part. Simply point to the latest version and the updated styles are available in designs, sites, and applications. This means HPE digital experiences can be elevated more rapidly as a unified one-HPE. Change can be easy!

###What is a design token?

Tokens represent color, typography, spacing, motion, and other style values by a clear name conveying its intended usage.

An HPE design token consists of: | Property | Description | Example |
| ————- | —————— | ————- | | Name     | A self-documenting name representing an associated value. | `hpe.color.brand`, `example of a background token` | | Value     | The CSS(?) value to which is resolved in code. Alternatively, a value may reference another token. | `#01A982`, `example of a background token’s value` | | Type.     | A category for the token’s value. | Color, Dimension, Shadow | | Description | Concise text describing how the token is intended to be used. | |  Token names are purpose-driven rather than hard-coded values. This provides flexibility for HPE’s visual style to evolve over time, while minimizing impact on delivery teams. As example, perhaps the value for `example of background token` needs to be modified. The associated CSS value may be updated at the source of truth. All teams consuming `example of background token` automatically receive the updated value simply by referencing the latest version. No files touched, no find and replace — just an update pointing to a versioned release.

##Types of tokens (or, Token types, or Types of design tokens, …)

Possible minor tweaks to current content.
```

Reviewer: Trying to hit the same points but adjust for order and hopefully more economical delivery.

Author: I like it, have incorporated and just replaced the "!" with a "." because it didn't feel like it fits with the broader style of the site.

Reviewer: Agree. Fine with removing all together.

Author: Sounds good, I've removed the "Change" sentence.

<BetaNotification />

## What is a design token?

Design tokens codify the design decisions that make up a design system's visual style. Design tokens replace hard-coded values, such as hex codes for color or pixel values for spacing, with clear names.

Tokens can represent values such as colors, typography, spacing, motion and more.

An HPE Design Token consists of two main parts:

1. A self-documenting name that represents the coded value: “hpe.color.brand".
1. An associated value: #01A982.

Additionally, a design token can have these optional properties:

1. Type: A category for the token's value (e.g., color, dimension, shadow).
1. Description: Concise text to describe how the token should be used.

> To know more about token naming, visit [How to read tokens](tokens/how-to-read-tokens).

Reviewer: Check all hyperlinks

Author: Done.

> TO DO: Add visual

Reviewer: Present as a table similar to anatomies? Might be more economical and scannable.

Author: Done.

## Why are design tokens important?

Design tokens establish a source of truth for HPE's visual style in a tech-agnostic format, enabling a truly consistent, unified experience across applications.

Token names are purpose-driven, rather than hard-coded values, which provides the flexibility for token values to evolve over time with our visual style. When tokens are implemented across design and development, style updates will propagate consistently across applications simply by pulling in the latest version of the tokens.

Design tokens allow us to:

- Codify design decisions
- Enable teams across various tech stacks to build efficiently and consistenly with the HPE Design System
- Replace manual maintenance methods with faster automated processes that keep design and development synchronized
- Build a shared language across design and development

## Types of tokens

> Our tokens can be grouped into 3 levels: primitive, semantic, and component. The naming and intended use of a token get more specific as you move from the primitive to semantic to component level. This tiered system of tokens exists to enhance token consumption, management, and maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokens are grouped into 3 levels: [primitive](url), [semantic](url), and [component](url). Each level exists to convey specificity, intended usage, and enhance token consumption and delivery. The name and intended use of a token becomes more specific as you move from primitive to semantic to component levels.
```

Author: Done.

> 

Reviewer: Would a statement, maybe in a notification callout, saying "When consuming design tokens, begin with the most specific token level available. Look first to see if a component token exists, if not available then use semantic tokens as a fallback."

Author: Done.
